Changes in version 1.22:

The option '-e, --reproduce', which can recover a missing (zeroed) sector in
a lzip file, has been added. For it to work, two things are required:
  - The same version of the lzip tool that created the file.
  - A reference file containing the uncompressed data corresponding to the
    missing compressed data of the zeroed sector, plus some context data
    before and after them.
Thanks to Nissanka Gooneratne for his help in testing the reproduce mode.

The options '--lzip-level', '--lzip-name', and '--reference-file', auxiliary
to '-e, --reproduce', have been added.

Option aliases '--dump-tdata', '--remove-tdata', and '--strip-tdata' have
been removed.

When decompressing or testing, lziprecover now reports an error if a file
name is empty (lziprecover -t "").

Option '-o, --output' now behaves like '-c, --stdout', but sending the
output unconditionally to a file instead of to standard output. See the new
description of '-o' in the manual. This change is backwards compatible only
when decompressing from standard input alone. Therefore commands like:
  lziprecover -d -o foo - bar.lz < foo.lz
must now be split into:
  lziprecover -d -o foo - < foo.lz
  lziprecover -d bar.lz
or rewritten as:
  lziprecover -d - bar.lz < foo.lz > foo

When using '-c' or '-o', lziprecover now checks whether the output is a
terminal only once.

Lziprecover now does not even open the output file if the input file is a
terminal.

'--ignore-errors' now makes '--decompress' and '--test' ignore data errors
and continue decompressing the remaining members in the file, keeping input
files unchanged.

'--ignore-errors --range-decompress' now decompresses a truncated last
member. It also returns 0 if only ignored errors (format errors or data
errors) are found.

'--ignore-errors' now considers that any fragment of file starting with a
valid header and large enough to be a member is a (corrupt) member, not a
gap, even if it lacks a valid trailer.

The words 'decompressed' and 'compressed' have been replaced with the
shorter 'out' and 'in' in the verbose output when decompressing or testing.

Several compiler warnings have been fixed. (Reported by Nissanka Gooneratne).

Option '--list' now reports corruption or truncation of the last header in a
multimenber file specifically instead of showing the generic message "Last
member in input file is truncated or corrupt."

The debug options '-E, --debug-reproduce', '-M, --md5sum', and
'-U, --unzcrash' have been added.

The commands needed to extract files from a tar.lz archive have been
documented in the manual, in the output of '--help', and in the man page.

The new chapter 'Reproducing one sector' has been added to the manual.

The new sections 'Merging with a backup' and 'Reproducing a mailbox' have
been added to the manual.

The debug options for experts have been documented in the manual.

Lzip 1.16 (or clzip 1.6) or newer is required to run the tests.

9 new test files have been added to the testsuite.
